# Atomic Stride - IN DEVELOPMENT

The Atomic Stride, or Stride as I, [[Writing/Antitheriomorphosis/Characters/Godzilla II/Godzilla, the King of the Monsters|Godric Nordson]], simply call it, is a developing ability under his *Domination of Energy* aimed to make him more mobile.

Its goal is simple: to take myself from point A to point B near instantaneously. This ability will be primarily useful in situations where speed and agility is required.

## Proposed Mechanics

1. I activate [[Atomic Amplification|Amplification]] at around half-strength.
	- As my proficiency with this skill increases, my Amplification output requirement should lower.
	- The goal is much the same as my Amplification, it will consume less energy to activate.
2. I pump additional energy into my legs to make the movement possible.
3. I launch away from point A
4. I arrive at point B

## Current Issues

What is a skill that was intended for subtle contexts has turned into a weapon of mass destruction—typical for myself. The following issues plague this ability:

### Issue #1 - Primary Concern

- **Triplet Shockwaves** - Three shockwaves are generated by my body:
	1. One at step 2
	2. One at step 3
	3. One at step 4

All three shockwaves have enough force to launch people outwards violently at its weakest and vaporize surroundings at its strongest. Lethality of the shock waves are as follows:

1. Second shock wave at step 3
2. Third shock wave at step 4
3. First shock wave at step 1

Due to the near instantaneous nature of this ability, all three shock waves seem to occur at the same time. I would have been already careening into something beyond point B before all these shock waves damage anything.

#### Sources

1. The first shock wave is likely due to the sudden enhancement in amplified leg muscle groups.
	- The boost to my enhanced legs is far too sudden! This mirrors my first issue with [[Atomic Amplification|Amplification]], wherein I kept focusing on boosting my legs at an instantaneous point in time—I must search for a holistic and uniform approach!
		- This should be the easiest to resolve.
2. The second is due to the powerful launch from point A
3. The third is his due to the sudden arrival at point B, if I landed on it.

### Issue #2 - Secondary Concern

- **Lack of Brakes** - I currently have no way to brake my momentum. I will *not* stop unless I crash into something—terrible for whoever is on the receiving end.
	- That is not to say that I don't *halt* at the destination at all—I do, but it is far likely for me to miss and be sent flying.

If I amplify my legs too much at too sudden a time frame, I will go on for a few kilometres if I don't crash into anything.

**Training Wheels**: To address this issue, Maria has made use of a specialized version of her scales around our backyard designed to bounce *only me* off without reflecting any of the kinetic energy, and other contributing forces the scales could absorb. If I were **fully reflected**, I turn into a catastrophic projectile that will demolish the house and everything around our property, including the neighbours in proximity.

#### Sources

- Lack of a way to halt momentum upon reaching point B.
- Lack of a streamlined amplified leg enhancement, which tends to cause a violent crash due to more force increasing my momentum.

### Issue #3 - Tertiary Concern

- **Incorrect Location[^1]** - I do not consistently land on the point B that I desire, sometimes falling too short of or shooting too far from it

This is a consequence of either over-shooting or under-shooting. If I reduces the charge going into the legs, I travel less; if I increase the charge too much—[[Atomic Stride#Issue 2|Issue #2]] is triggered.

#### Sources

- Lack of a balanced boost in step 1.
	- Too **little** a boost means the ability fails activation *or* I arrive short of my destination.
	- Too **much** of a boost means I am now a projectile that will destroy anything in a straight line[^2].

## Proposed Solutions

## Fixing Issue #1 - Triplet Shock Waves

### Eliminating the First Shock Wave

This issue harkens me back to my first time using Amplification. Thus, this seems to be the easiest issue to fix.

Instead of forcefully pumping energy through my legs at an instant, I will implement a more gradual approach. By utilizing the core idea I gained from developing Amplification, I will uniformly distribute the required energy through my amplified legs; suffusion of energy localized within those muscle groups will create the same reinforcement in my legs.

However, I predict that while this reduces the initial Amplification shock wave, it will also reduce my distance traveled and may introduce situations where the Stride fails and I simply just do a dash towards point B.

### Eliminating the Second and Third Shock Wave

*Open to ideas*

## Fixing Issue #2

*Open to ideas*

## Fixing Issue #3

- Can be resolved by fixing Issue #1

# More Applications

1. Potential to phase through objects à la Maria or Bartholomew?
2. Longer distances?
3. Consecutive activation?
4. ~~Sustained activation? (Essentially running; it sounds stupid)~~

# Footnotes

[^1]: Can be indirectly addressed by fixing [[Atomic Stride#Issue 1 - Primary Concern|Issue #1]]
[^2]: Useful for tackling Rodan from the sky, must learn to do this deliberately.