# The First Divine Moth Sorcerer in Generations

Nobody gets to call themselves the Greatest Sorcerer in the Universe without mastering all of its aspects, so he does indeed have just as deep of an understanding and knowledge of Written Magic as he does with Verbal Magic. In fact, Written Magic is how he *and* most of his Titan peers utilized the Primus around them prior to the Antitheriomorphosis! Let's take Battra's true form—his Titan form. 

His species, *Titanus mosura* possess intricately detailed patterns on their wings that they can modify in however way they want if they return to an egg after being killed or terminating themselves. 

To truly understand how Battra uses magic in his Titan form, we must explore how he is able to even use magic as a member of Titanus Mosura—a Null species. Battra modified the Titanus Mosura's Covenant with the Heavens, created as means to become closer to the one who *touched* their souls--the Heavenly Instance. The Covenant was simple: in exchange for their ability to perceive, harness, and manipulate Primus in any shape, way, or form, they will be granted a persistent soul. Even after death they may continue living on the mortal plane. Through an egg that any Titanus Mosura can lay, not through an organ, but by summoning it, they can return to the realm of living forever. Magic for immortality, it was an amazing deal. Battra modified the inherent Covenant in their species, and thus as the first sorcerer in their species since before the arrival of the Heavenly Instance, his way of magic must differ. Battra ensured that he will *not* trade away is immortality for magic. For others, that may be enough, seeing as magic possesses many ways to keep one alive to the point of immortality. Philosopher's stones, anti-aging magic, healing magic, or a magically made incubator that functions exactly like a Titanus Mosura egg—receiving their souls upon death to be reformed (but this is sort of illegal as all souls must return to Heaven and only Heaven gets to deal with souls) are all valid ways to keep one alive. But Battra is a master of having his cake and eating all of it too so he studied how his species traded magic for immortality via a Covenant. A Covenant is a deal between mortal and divine, and only between both. Thus, Heaven themselves allowed that Titanus Mosura possess agency with their souls to remain living in the mortal plane as however they see fit, as opposed to simply taking it up and then doling judgement or whatever it is Battra thinks happens there. It makes sense, their species was started by the Heavenly Instance of Earth—the Divine Guardian of Earth. A bunch of giant moths were literally touched by the divine! Since Battra is a direct descendant of this divine entity, he possesses a more convenient path to making Covenants with Heaven. The Covenant, as Battra discovered, actually wasn't optimized well. *All Titanus Mosura can freely return to their eggs upon death and can modify their biology to an extent (changing sex, name, all their thoughts or experiences are not allowed as the soul is the seat of identity and since their soul hasn't changed, their identity remains the same)*. They call this the "Reincarnation Egg". Whether male or female, *Titanus mosura* remain capable of laying this special "egg". It can never be used for reproductive functions; it can only contain a mosura's soul. But what they missed is that they need an *egg* to do so. Battra did away with the egg entirely, knowing that he can share eggs with Mothra, his twin. So, he traded his ability to lay a Reincarnation Egg to have magical aptitude. However, that was just the least of his problems. Titanus Mosura doesn't possess a body capable of using magic, after all they did away with it a long, long time ago. Luckily, they *did* have history with sorcery. The problem now is that he and Mothra are the only ones alive from his species… who will teach him? Himself… Through trial and error and a bit of bugging his sister to share an egg, he managed to figure out Written Magic. By inscribing the patterns on his wings and making them channels for his magic—he is able to function as the first Titanus Mosura sorcerer after the Descent of the Heavenly Instance. He achieved such a feat by having plain wings, but the ability to produce different patterns and symbols via his bioluminescence. Now he just needs to straighten a few kinks in order to function well.

## The Covenant of *Titanus mosura* 

The Covenant of the species of which Mothra and Battra are members is called *Titanus mosura*, otherwise known colloquially by their fellow Titans as *Divine Moths*, is an agreement between between the ancestors of *Titanus mosura* and the Heavenly Instance. 

The Heavenly Instance is a servant of Heaven that was said to be sent to Earth by The One Beyond Heaven, or what most humans would call God, as a protector against cosmic threats. It first descended onto Earth more than half a billion years ago. The manner in which it appeared on the planet is a complete mystery, as no entity from that period of time survived until now. Methuselah, the oldest of Titans, was said to be 300 million years old, born far after the Instance descended.

The Instance bonded with a certain species, a species of gigantic moth-like creatures that would later on become the *Divine Moths*. Though these ancestors of Mothra and Battra were **not** divine at this point in time, they did remain special regardless. Across all of the universe, few living creatures were simultaneously capable of psychic and magical abilities. These 'proto-mosura' represented a rare breed as they would remain as Earth's only psychic-magicians for a long time, at least until they met the Heavenly Instance.

The Heavenly Instance understood the world through the aid of these proto-mosura. As a token of appreciation, it offered them a special opportunity. Anything they desire could be theirs, should they ask it. The Instance would plead with Heaven to give these naturally benevolent creatures whatever they want. Instead of seeking power, the proto-mosura sought to be closer with the one they considered their great friend by being *truly* immortal. They would not be simply biologically immortal like most Titans, but their souls would truly persist after death. They did this in what they believed to be a compassionate effort to see the world through the Heavenly Instance's eyes. If not the full view, then at least a mere glimpse.

The Covenant of the *Titanus mosura* would then be born. In exchange of their great aptitude for magic, they would become truly immortal. Their souls would persist even after death. They would capable of then living again through reincarnation. This process would be facilitated by a special egg, the Reincarnation Egg. The proto-mosura who were "touched" by the Heavenly Instance received a special organ, one that would allow both male and female to produce an egg. It **cannot** be used for reproduction, only for housing their disembodied souls. The creation of this Covenant facilitated the existence of a new species: the *Divine Moths*. They would be classified as **Null**, incapable of any sort of magics, but they would be truly immortal. Their excellent psionic capabilities, however, remained. 

